---
layout: post
title: A stroll
featured-img: lago-inverno
categories: english poetry memory
---

I guess after thirty-somethin' years you'll have to find yourself waking up alone in your parents' house

Out of the window, the solitary line of grapevine where the black-and-red woodpeckers used to rest will be long-gone - so the curved field where the couple of magpies run scattering their crows - paved and replaced by some smug Brit's in-ground pool for kids to quack. Gone the tallest tree on sight (an oak-friend of the bravest).

You shall be waiting for some important/not-so-important call, listening to old U2 stuff, covered in childhood-cold dust. 

Fresh air! You'll have to crawl out jingling like the spare keys. More branches missing in the garden: the three pines, the walnut's warm cork. How did they kill the fig, that sprouts out of himself?! The hazelnut is still there, holding the grief, and a smooth thin grey nameless plant you'll have to caress. 

You'll cross the gateway and stroll up the road. Finally, the intuition will have to hit you gently as a stroke: the path is eight-shaped, it always was. While you walk into the crossroad at its heart, you shall be walking down both roads and taking both the opposite ones. We don't pick no direction: we are sliced at every fork.

Half of you will have to meet a friend along the loop, tremendous bass-player, and a dog, so that the other half will be able to dive into the pebble trek that enters the woods over there beyond the hill. Half a talk will happen to breed more circle time and even some beats. 

Awareness travels 'round.
